describing the contribution and publication process (#37)
EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/TechRadar: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution guidelines

## How to contribute 

We welcome contributions to the EVERSE TechRadar in several forms:
- **Content contributions**: You can contribute by adding new tools and services to the catalog or updating existing entries. Please refer to the [Research Quality Tools and Services Catalog](#research-quality-tools-and-services-catalog) section for more details.
- **Technical contributions**: If you want to improve the TechRadar dashboard or report a bug, you can contribute to the underlying [AOE technology radar](https://github.com/AOEpeople/aoe_technology_radar/).
- **General contributions**: You can also contribute by [reporting issues](https://github.com/EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/TechRadar/issues/new/choose), suggesting improvements, or providing feedback on the TechRadar dashboard.

> - **Joining the curation team**:  If you are interested in actively participating in the curation of the TechRadar, you may join the team. Please contact us via the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/TechRadar/issues/new/choose).

Author: Good idea.
Do you have the rights to do so? Otherwise, I'll do it.

> - **Joining the curation team**:  If you are interested in actively participating in the curation of the TechRadar, you may join the team. Please contact us via the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/TechRadar/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: It would be better if you @vuillaut create the team :) I will raise PR to add that team on TechRadar dashboard. Let me know once the team is created,  Thanks

> - **Joining the curation team**:  If you are interested in actively participating in the curation of the TechRadar, you may join the team. Please contact us via the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/TechRadar/issues/new/choose).

Author: Done

## Research Quality Tools and Services Catalog

> You may propose to modify the content of TechRadar content by opening a pull request to add new tools and services or update existing entries.

Author: What is the reason behind creating an extra step of creating an issue?

### How to add or update a tool or service in the TechRadar

1. **Fork the repository**: Create a fork of the TechRadar repository on GitHub.
2.  **Create a new branch**: Create a new branch for your changes.
3. **Add or update JSON files**: Add new JSON files for new tools and services or update existing ones in the `data/software-tools` directory. Each JSON file should follow the structure defined in the [RS metadata schema](https://github.com/EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/schemas/tree/main/software). Please be as accurate and exhaustive as possible when filling in the metadata fields.
4. **Commit your changes**: Commit your changes with a clear and descriptive commit message.
5. **Push your changes**: Push your changes to your forked repository.
6. **Create a pull request**: Open a pull request against the main branch of the TechRadar repository. Provide a clear explanation of the reasons to add or update the tool or service, and any relevant context or information that may help the curation team review your contribution.
7. **Review and feedback**: The curation team will review your pull request. They may provide feedback or request changes before merging it into the main branch.

> 8. **Merge and publish**: Once your pull request is approved, it will be merged into the main branch, and the changes will be reflected in the TechRadar dashboard at the next release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Create a pull request**: Open a pull request against the main branch of the TechRadar repository. Provide a clear explanation of the reasons to add or update the tool or service, and any relevant context or information that may help the curation team review your contribution. Make sure all the GitHub Workflows are passing. If there are errors, fix them before requesting a review.
```

> 8. **Merge and publish**: Once your pull request is approved, it will be merged into the main branch, and the changes will be reflected in the TechRadar dashboard at the next release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Review and feedback**: Once your pull request is ready to be reviewed, ask one of the curation team members to review it. The curation team will review your pull request. They may provide feedback or request changes before merging it into the main branch.
```

> 8. **Merge and publish**: Once your pull request is approved, it will be merged into the main branch, and the changes will be reflected in the TechRadar dashboard at the next release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Merge and publish**: Once your pull request is approved, it will be merged by the curation team into the main branch, and the changes will be reflected in the TechRadar dashboard at the next release.
```
